[Applause]
that's a profound thought
[Music]
it's the blue they're drugging us
what does it feel like to feel something
[Music]
[Applause]
i'll do anything you want
who cares about the rules we can do what
we want
why are they all going crazy
maybe this is our true nature
[Music]
that's a profound thought
can you just hit that on switch for me
no no no no no no oh my god turn it off
oh i'm gonna get fired again oh
jacket jacket jacket jacket jacket
why why why
you seen these dudes right here they
stole my car these are right there
though they're not helping at all
you know what sometimes you just gotta
holy
[Music]
i'm sinking go get some butter
ah it's finally time for that road trip
i'm talking about yeah yeah
shouldn't have taken my sister's car man
she's crazy he will kill
us keep your mouth shut snitches get
stitches
if the squad ain't with me then it ain't
right
we got four whole days we can kick back
relax and breathe in america
we are the only black people in here
like the bacon toes what are you doing
up there down here
[Applause]
come on come on come on get up
what is this the zoo come on man you
know i love zoos
i'm gonna get a selfie with a gorilla no
get the out of
that's a stolen car maybe we can get
somebody to help us fix it
i can't stand under here i'm from these
streets people from the street don't
hate people
alone
hi i'm here to see emily stanton you
have an appointment i'm her best friend
we're not currently what i would say
best friends or friends
you look good you look great what have
you been up to
let me show you i've been developing a
genetic platform that will allow us to
give ordinary people
superpowers but do me a favor please
don't touch
[Music]
anything
oh dear god lydia do you have any idea
what you've done
you just took our only formula for super
strength
everything about you will become
stronger
i am all powerful
then they get sprained my groin do
chicks have groins
what's your superpower invisibility
that's awesome let's see what these
powers can really do
everyone just stay calm and no one's
gonna get hurt
and stop you're cooking them from the
inside out
oh man please don't film this first
mistake
thunder force remember it for the first
time
in history we're seeing real-life
superheroes fighting crime
[Music]
but we're also seeing a new kind of
criminal this city deserves
what's coming to it
is go time
we've got to rethink this car yeah how
could we not stop
two chicks in their 40s
yeah what's the smell it's the suits we
can't
wash them lydia do not throw that bus
i can't hear you because i'm literally
throwing up
i'm sorry that's on me
the hell are you you'd think cancer but
uh capricorn actually sag moon
and all kinds of things rising that's
messed up
what we know senior chief kelly is the
third member to be attacked
[Music]
three perps are dead
also killed was his wife
they better hope he doesn't survive
why is that he is more dangerous and
effective
than any man we have in the field
[Music]
he took everything from me
these were foreign attacks on u.s soil
we have to respond
i'm gonna make it right
there's something inside of me that i
can't turn off
a part of me that won't stop for
anything
no remorse
has it occurred to you that perhaps john
kelly
has done something we can't
some situations aren't thinking outside
the box
give me your name you were supposed to
be dead give me your name
[Music]
what brings you out this way just a
weekend trip
by yourself
[Music]
my husband's coming tomorrow
this weekend's important to me
me too
[Music]
henry i wasn't wearing this when i went
to bed
was your phone it was it was here
i happened to hold for now and always
happy anniversary
mr mrs barry you will not leave the
house again
mr barrett mrs spirit
you must obey
[Music]
we know everything you did
make no mistake marriage is hard work
what if i told you there was a way to
get that spark back
[Music]
there is a way
so
how do you suggest we fix this
rather big mistake
the oakley literature festival
culminating this sunday with the
controversial secularist professor
bill he huxley the wrong one
i look just like him from behind yeah
but everybody looks like everybody from
behind
detective inspector i want suspension of
all festival events for the next 48
hours
it's the biggest weekend in the bloody
calendar yes martin and there's been a
bloody murder less than a bloody mile
away
you're not the average festival goer are
you what are you really doing here
i don't want to go to prison probably
the saints went to prison you'd have any
harm did it
this time you must be certain absolutely
certain there's no room for error we
shall not bite our tongues anymore we
shouldn't let them
laugh at us humiliate us
jesus christ what did you just say
foreign
that's just words it doesn't mean
anything
i know you will boys i know you will
the athletes are on the track they have
both been preparing london hard for this
very moment
well they're facing a real challenge now
this is a new me
welcome to the church of material
possessions
mobile units what if i told you i was
about to embark
on a life or death project entirely
for someone else's benefit come on david
price
make your offer is that someone else
happens
thank you sorry about this
is it good with your project mark
[Music]
uh we should have been enjoying
ourselves but we're not
and one of us is dying
three lad three to one favorite put it
on now yeah turning round on
on half eternal i love that name hope
eternal
four thousand nine hundred and twenty
eight pounds
on whole paternal
you have the wrong flat all right can
you come in uh sorry you're not on the
list tonight
jade wait
get them off your naked blogs
take him off take him okay okay okay not
necessarily
naked
[Music]
i do believe that you have well and
truly pulled
and they said it couldn't be done i
always said that
i know i have my quirks mark but what
how
have i ever done you your quirks have
robbed me and my best mate
they're not backing down they are going
for it
completely naked
[Music]
my
foreign
[Music]
what
oh
[Music]
everybody on the planet watches netflix
oh yeah say on me debbie she is amazing
we've actually met bye if he turns
around
it means he wants something cool
yeah here we go guys shut up baby
i think it's starting again excuse me
excuse me excuse me sorry sorry wait
don't don't look at your phone
what does the news say welcome to the
survival manual created by
lava understand this our screens now
belong to them
inside everybody together let's get
together
or both of you together or how about all
of us together wouldn't that be fun
guys i killed the emo wait bummer
[Music]
oh i'm naked what do i do here what do i
have to do
debra